When you render the book using bookdown, it also creates a .tex file of the book (book-title.tex), you need to open up this file in whatever you use to edit and compile latex documents (I use texmaker)

You'll need to have this package available: https://ctan.org/pkg/msu-thesis?lang=en 
I think if you install the enormous full install of miktex, it'll be there, but in any case, you can just download it by itself, and just make sure the msu-thesis.cls file is in the directory that the latex file is in.

Then what I did is replace the beginning of the book-title.tex file that bookdown created with the contents of the file that I attached. That file ends after the heading for chapter 1, so remove up through the heading for chapter 1 from book-title.tex. You should be able to just use that file, just go in and replace my title, author name, dedication, acknowledgements, abstract, and graduation date with yours. You'll also need to remove the \makecopyrightpage command if you're not gonna pay the $55 dollar copyright fee (I did, but I don't fully understand why).

Then once you do that you'll be able to render the file with latex to pdf. I think you have to use xelatex to render the document (texmaker has a little dropdown to make this selection), and just do the sequence xelatex, bibtex, xelatex, xelatex to make sure everything resolves properly.

Now my procedure was a little more complicated than that, where I had a python script to automatically make some other changes to the latex document so that everything works correctly. If you do the above process and still need to mess with stuff to make the document render correctly, you might wanna go that route too, and I'd be happy to share that script with you. Other than that, once you've got this procedure down, then you'll just do all the editing of your dissertation in bookdown, and then move it to latex and do this process when you're done (or need a new version to share with committee or something) to make all the formatting work correctly.

Let me know if you have any questions about this. And I attached my dissertation as requested.